CSF3: Handle auto-title redundant filename (#17421)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

  - [Packages renaming](#packages-renaming)
  - [Deprecated embedded addons](#deprecated-embedded-addons)

## From version 6.4.x to 6.5.0

### CSF3 auto-title duplicate filename

SB 6.4 introduced experimental "auto-title", in which a story's location in the sidebar (aka `title`) can be automatically inferred from its location on disk. For example, the file `atoms/Button.stories.js` might result in the title `Atoms/Button`.

> The heuristic failed in the common scenario in which each component gets its own directory, e.g. `atoms/Button/Button.stories.js`, which would result in the redundant `atoms/Button/Button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The heuristic failed in the common scenario in which each component gets its own directory, e.g. `atoms/Button/Button.stories.js`, which would result in the redundant title `Atoms/Button/Button`.
```

> To address this problem, 6.5 introduces a new heuristic to removes the filename if it matches the directory name (case insensitive). So `atoms/Button/Button.stories.js` would result in `atoms/Button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this problem, 6.5 introduces a new heuristic to remove the filename if it matches the directory name (case insensitive). So `atoms/Button/Button.stories.js` would result in the title `Atoms/Button`.
```
